# A Sales Driven Organization

"It isn't a problem anymore, Josh! Developers come and go, but the vision remains the same. We are a sales driven organization. Who gives a damn about the bugs in version 2. Version 3 is going to change all of that. We have Jake now, so engineers won't have to deal with any interruptions from clients. We have a new director of marketing and a product manager. Tell the code school we can gaurantee 3 students full-time jobs this fall. We need one front-end, one back-end, and a dev ops."

Josh knew that Sally was right, and loved her focus. He added, "We need more clients. Bigger clients. 10x returns. If Farnsworth finds out that our projections for the next couple of years aren't growing exponentially, he is going to pull the rug out from under us. Can you imagine sinking half a million dollars into a business and seeing losses quarter after quarter?"

Lazuli worked in the engineering room with the lights off for the rest of the evening before hearing Bill Farnsworth's voice booming through the office. Bill had let himself in and put an abrupt end to the Leadership Team meeting. He wanted to know more about version 2 of the Dream Machine. His tone was dominant and Lazuli could feel the tension permeating the walls of the engineering room. She clicked her keys softly and felt the nerves in her neck become tense. She wasn't laying on the floor, but could feel the burning senstation of the carpet on her cheek from the prior night. Her left hand was tingling.

"I want what you promised me 6 months ago, Josh! One client? I thought you two were winners. I told every one of my friends during your demo that you were going to be the company this year. You guys. I lined up the best investors in the world to provide you with mentorship. Where are you now? A whole team of engineers and this is the best that you can do? Where is the revenue growth? Do you want to end up like the company across the street?"

It was Thursday evening now, and in spite of the branded couch, glasses, shirts, and hoodies, the company was on the brink of losing their only client and running out of money.