# Light Speed

The startup community in Aimesville was thriving. When Bill Farnsworth created "Light Speed", the world's first business accelerator, the city transformed from a quiet cow-town into a technology Mecca. Bill studied theoretical physics in Pasadena (He referred to the location instead of the name of the university, to avoid sounding pretentious) and had worked in venture capital from the age of 18, thanks to a deep network of wealthy family members in the industry and an inheritance from his grandfather. Since the dot-com bust, he hadn't hit any real home runs with his early stage portfolio companies. Bill was in the middle of his 5th expedition of the season. He was a thrill seeker and the lack of 10x investment returns recently had lead him to pursue hobbies including but not limited to arctic exploration, brewing tequila, and filmmaking. The chopper blades wooshed so loudly through the speakers in the conference room, that Josh Martin and Sally Greenfield could barely hear Farnsworth talking over them.

"I'm not in Alaska," screamed Farnsworth, "I'm in the Siberian Sea. The air up here is so fresh, if I could bottle it, I'd be selling that instead of Tequila. You guys have got to get up here at some point. I'll be back in Aimesville next week, and we can grab coffee."

Josh Martin had been formally trained in economics, but was also the president of his fraternity and captain of the lacrosse team in college. He thrived at the globally renown consulting firm Jenkins & Bartleby, leading a series of complicated restructuring transactions which resulted in record results for the company and its investors. Josh had the peculiar habit sitting back with his feet on the desk and making notes in his journal with a freshly sharpened number two pencil for the first hour of his morning every day. He somehow managed to drink coffee from a mug, carry on conversations with his employees, and continue with his routine journaling, without losing his balance in the chair.

Sally Greenfield studied marketing in college and had an uncanny knack for telling stories. She too started her career at Jenkins & Bartleby, but would eventually leave to create WunderHaus, which soon became the poster child for socially conscious business, in spite of the year over year losses and disgruntled shareholders. Sally was always smiling and wearing egregious amounts of red lipstick. Her marble eyes had an eternally optimistic expression, the persistence of which was actually quite frightening, once you had gotten to know her and experienced the organizational turmoil that was her life. It wasn't clear whether the joke about her cat being lost inside of her purse was really a joke, because the bag would appear to move on its own occasionally. Something that sounded like a meow could be heard coming from it during meetings.

Josh and Sally had talked about starting a business since they ate lunch together during their first day as interns at Jenkins. Josh always admired Sally's ability to captivate an audience, while she longed to have the cold and calculated approach that Josh had perfected. Josh and Sally were both married and their spouses were very supportive of their platonic relationship. In their early days at Jenkins, Josh and Sally worked on a project together and slept under their respective desks for 2 weeks straight. Sally's husband enjoyed the freedom of holding the remote control and cleaned the house incessantly while she was away. Josh sent Sally a link to a viral blog post about Light Speed one day which prompted a visit Aimesville the following spring. They both wanted to change the world and executing this vision was going to require a significant amount of capital.