# Robertson Electronics

As she walked downtown for her interview with Robertson Electronics, she was surprised to see that they were located across the street from the Dream Machine office. She rang the doorbell, expecting an elongated fart sound for some reason, but instead was greeted by a beautiful and friendly woman named Heather Robertson. She invited Lazuli in and had her sit down while she finished up an issue with one of her teammates.

The company across the street was nothing like Lazuli had imagined. It was dull and colorless, yet the environment was very practical. She appreciated the lack of branding and got the sense that good things were happening. "What is it that you guys do, exactly?" she inquired "I couldn't find any information about your business online."

"We were impressed with your degree in semiotics, Lazuli. Most people think it is boring, but we are the world's largest provider of software for traffic signals. The public doesn't notice when they work correctly, right? It might as well be a pacemaker, because people's lives are on the line everyday! We still have fun, though. If you think through the possibilities and put controls in place, the results of our work can be highly predictable."

Heather didn't like buzzwords, she explained, but they had an interesting hybrid methodology in place at Robertson. The company employed 23 people and while there were developers, there was no "engineering team". At any given time there were two or three cross-functional teams typically comprised of a product owner, a technical writer, a project manager, one quality assurance engineer, and a software developer. There were also administrative and marketing personnel who interacted with the teams regularly, but didn't fit into the typical agile team structure.

One software developer had recently moved to Germany, so there was an opening there, which was being filled temporarily by the other teammates. Heather said that Lazuli was welcome to try out the role for a couple of weeks to see whether it was a good fit, before committing to a full-time job. Lazuli said that she needed to think about it, to be polite, but her decision had already been made.