# Search for Food

After working all day Wednesday and Thursday without going home to her apartment, Lazuli stumbled across the street in search of food. One of the engineers from the company across the street noticed her branded shirt and asked how she liked it over there. When she dodged the question and inquired about his job, he replied enthusiastically, inviting her to lunch with his team. She didn't have time for lunch with the Friday deadline looming in her mind, but she was too tired to come up with an excuse, and ate lunch with the company across the street.

Their team lead smiled and made eye contact with Lazuli when she met her. Her engineers explained that they were all happy and the best talent came to work there, just based on word of mouth. They only had a few clients and one product, but their customers were so pleased with their product, that they sent thank you notes and told all of their friends about it. Engineers were encouraged to fix bugs at their own discretion and take time to refactor code. The team pair programmed often and shared responsibility to avoid burning out and cultivate new skills. Developers worked directly with marketing and product team members and were even allowed to communicate with clients.

Lazuli took a business card from their team lead and sauntered back to the office. She rang the doorbell, but it was 5 minutes before someone came and opened the door for her. Josh opened the door and walked silently back into a conference room where the Leadership Team was having a heated discussion. Sally could be heard clanking across the conference room in her heels.

"It isn't a problem anymore, Josh! Developers come and go, but the vision remains the same. We are a sales driven organization. Who gives a damn about the bugs in version 2. Version 3 is going to change all of that. We have Jake now, so engineers won't have to deal with any interruptions from clients. We have a new Director of Marketing and a Product Manager. Tell the code school we can gaurantee 3 students full-time jobs this fall. We need one front-end, one back-end, and dev ops."

Josh knew that Sally was right, and loved her focus. He added, "We need more clients. Bigger clients. 10x returns. If Farnsworth finds out that our projections for the next couple of years aren't growing exponentially, he is going to pull the rug out from under us. Can you imagine sinking half a million dollars into a business and seeing losses quarter after quarter?"

Lazuli worked in the engineering room with the lights off for the rest of the evening before hearing Bill Farnsworth's voice booming through the office. Bill had let himself in and put an abrupt end to the Leadership Team meeting. He wanted to know more about version 2 of the Dream Machine. His tone was dominant and Lazuli could feel the tension permeating the walls of the engineering room. She clicked her keys softly and felt the nerves in her neck become tense. She wasn't laying on the floor, but could feel the burning senstation of the carpet on her cheek from the prior night. Her left hand was tingling.

"I want what you promised me 6 months ago, Josh! One client? I thought you two were winners. I told every one of my friends during your demo that you were going to be the company this year. You guys. I lined up the best investors in the world to provide you with mentorship. Where are you now? A whole team of engineers and this is the best that you can do? Where is the revenue growth?"

It was Thursday evening now, and in spite of the branded couch, glasses, shirts, and hoodies, the company was on the brink of losing their only client and running out of money.