# Startup Bash

Josh and Sally happened to be visiting Aimesville during their annual startup bash where companies hosted events highlighting their entrepreneurial culture. Every conversation seemed to revolve around Farnsworth and his accelerator, Light speed. The most coveted startups around town were all in Farnsworth's portfolio. Founders and employees all had cool t-shirts and stickers on their laptops. They were "always hiring" and "growing like crazy". The energy was infectious. Sally was sharing pictures on social media the entire time and wrote a frenetic blog post after the first day of events titled "Aimesville or Bust" in which she declared that Aimesville was the Dubai of the mid-west and likened Light Speed to Dubai's artificial palm tree shaped islands which branched out into the ocean.

Lazuli felt slightly more introverted than usual at these events. When she met Sally Greenfield, she was surprised that they had so much in common. Lazuli Shepherd wasn't someone who wore a lot of makeup to get attention. She expressed pristine thoughts and built magnificent systems, which according to Sally Greenfield, was exactly what she and Josh Martin were doing with their startup. They needed talented engineers like her if they were going to change the world, she explained. Lazuli felt marginally more comfortable talking with Josh, and he was sincerely impressed with her ideas on artificial intelligence and virtual reality. When she revealed her idea for the Dream Machine, he was floored. The following morning his journal entry was focused on the economic reality of building a Dream Machine.

Lazuli Shepherd was a prodigious cellist and had become a sensation in her community of Mccamish, Vermont by the age of four. In addition to music, she was a gifted artist and displayed advanced writing abilities. She began editing the Mccamish Bugle at the age of 13 and started a non-profit with her earnings from the paper. Her own algorithm "Lazuli's latter" was the subject of her Master's thesis in semiotics which she completed at the age of 21. She had toyed with virtual reality headsets and wanted to create a seamless experience where people could enter a beautiful dreamlike state through the use of technology. Lazuli was visiting Aimesville in the spring too, because she had read the same viral blog post.