# The Startup Bubble

The crisis started to unfold during Lazuli's first week at Robertson. She could remember an internet bubble when she was a kid and the great recession a few years ago, but the epicenter of this economic crisis was apparently the startup community which had been flourishing in Aimesville. It did seem odd for companies to be "growing like crazy" and "always hiring", but she hadn't thought much about it until now.

Apparently accelerators like Light Speed were dependent on larger companies purchasing the startups so that the venture capitalists could make an "exit". There had been a few exits over the last couple of years, but not enough to provide sufficient 10x returns for each of them around town. It wasn't just Light Speed. In Aimesville alone there were many other including Sonic Boom, Irrational Notion (focused on companies doing social good), and an incubator called "Katalyst" at the university. There was also an accelerator for companies ran by minorities, one for local artists, and another for marijuana businesses, since that had recently become legal.

Without exits, no new companies could enter the accelerators. Local angel investors and venture capitalists could see this evolving, and became reluctant to provide startups like Dream Machine with Series A and B rounds of financing. They tried to put together funds which did this exclusively, but the house of cards could not sustain itself.

Along the way, many so called "developer bootcamps" had sprung up to provide software developers for startups. There was the premier bootcamp Forge, and several others such as Reboot U, Aimesville Digital Arts, Einstein Camp, etc. Most of them had unsustainable business models which guaranteed graduates a specific salary upon completion. They made most of their money by providing financing to the students.

Larry Applebee who Lazuli had worked with at Dream Machine was a graduate of Einstein Camp. 6 weeks earlier, he had been making $5 an hour doing trail maintenance in the foothills surrounding Aimesville. How could he resist a gauranteed job with a salary after 6 weeks of training? He wasn't interested in software development, but trail maintenance was tough, and he had a family to feed. Now other graduates of these camps were carrying around signs and protesting on Main Street in downtown Aimesville, because they weren't getting their gauranteed salary.

That night she saw Sally Greenfield on the local news. Sally likened the event to a biblical flood where a few of each breed were going to survive, but not everyone could make it. "Light Speed will be just fine folks. Other accelerators might not be able to continue doing business at their current rate, but Bill Farnsworth will guide us out of this crisis. Also, we are going to continue hiring bootcamp graduates at our current rates. We've been thrilled with the quality of their output and see no reason for the protests."