-# Version 3

# The Company Across the Street

Lazuli went home to her new apartment and slept the entire weekend. She emailed the company across the street on Monday morning, and was offered a contract position for a couple of weeks, before they took her on full-time as a software developer. She and every developer in town received a generic recruiting email from Alan one day shortly therafter. They were on a hiring spree again and had already brought on five new developers while gearing up for version 3 of the Dream Machine.

Lazuli stayed at the company across the street for years and eventually became the lead developer. They loved her honest feedback more than anything. She approached her work there with the same fervor that she had exhibited learning to play the cello as a child, editing the newspaper in her teens, creating her non-profit, and mastering semiotics in grad school. Leading the team was a new experience for her though. She strived to be a servant leader, proactively guiding and helping her teammates. Lazuli kept her team small and empowered each of them to make decisions about whether they needed refactoring, more tests, bug fixes, or new features. The engineers worked in unison with other departments.

Her original ideas about the Dream Machine were vastly different than the horrible version 2 prototype that she had worked on. She envisioned a divinely elegant system which would coax people into a dreamlike state, not a pair of virtual reality goggles. She hired a lawyer to hash out any potential issues with intellectual property and then brought her splendid invention into being. An angelic headband delivered transcranial magnetic stimulation which could help people with a variety of brain disorders. Lazuli found that wearing the headband before sleeping helped her brain feel rested in the morning. The local university was studying her prototype to confirm its safety and analyze all of its potential uses.

Lazuli never saw the need for venture capital. She bootstrapped her side project and did her best to make it affordable for other people as well. Her L1 cost hardly anything to produce and became readily available as a medical device around the world, eventually earning her a nobel prize. She traveled abroad providing free lectures on her findings, and eventually moved back to Vermont, settling down and starting a family. A judge ruled in her favor when Josh and Sally challenged her patents in court. The mechanism behind the L1 was wholly unique compared with anything that could be found in the Dream Machine.