# The Startup Bash

They happened to be visiting Aimesville during their annual startup bash where companies hosted events highlighting their entrepreneurial culture. Every conversation seemed to revolve around Farnsworth and his accelerator, Light speed. The most coveted startups around town were all in Farnsworth's portfolio. Founders and employees all had cool t-shirts and stickers on their laptops. They were "always hiring" and "growing like crazy". The energy was infectious. Sally was sharing pictures on social media the entire time and wrote a frenetic blog post after the first day of events titled "Aimesville or Bust" in which she declared that Aimesville was the Dubai of the mid-west and likened Light Speed to Dubai's artificial palm tree shaped islands which branched out into the ocean.

Lazuli felt slightly more introverted than usual at these events. When she met Sally Greenfield, she was surprised that they had so much in common. Lazuli Shepherd wasn't someone who wore a lot of makeup to get attention. She expressed pristine thoughts and built magnificent systems, which according to Sally Greenfield, was exactly what she and Josh Martin were doing with their startup. They needed talented engineers like her if they were going to change the world, she explained. Lazuli felt marginally more comfortable talking with Josh, and he was sincerely impressed with her ideas on artificial intelligence and virtual reality. When she revealed her idea for the dream machine, he was floored. The following morning his journal entry was focused on the economic reality of building a dream machine.

Lazuli Shepherd was a prodigious cellist and had become a sensation in her community of Mccamish, Vermont by the age of four. In addition to music, she was a gifted artist and displayed advanced writing abilities. She began editing the Mccamish Bugle at the age of 13 and started a non-profit with her earnings from the paper. Her own algorithm "Lazuli's latter" was the subject of her Master's thesis in semiotics which she completed at the age of 21. She had toyed with virtual reality headsets and wanted to create a seamless experience where people could enter a beautiful dreamlike state through the use of technology. Lazuli was visiting Aimesville in the spring too, because she had read the same viral blog post.

As she meandered through the forest in Vermont the following summer, Lazuli continued thinking about the possibility of building the dream machine with Greenfield and Martin in Aimesville. What if the contraption could change the world, as Sally had suggested. She hadn't considered the impact that the device might have, because she had been so focused on the design. When she walked through the forest, she would simply place one foot in front of the other, not heading for any particular destination. Barefoot in the summer months, hardly any sound could be heard coming from her feet against the leaves and dirt. She knew the area around her parents' cottage extremely well. In spite of this, Lazuli always found a branch or meadow that she hadn't noticed before, and saw each day differently depending on the light.

She found herself perched on top of a large boulder which appeared slightly out of place. There was a puddle of water which looked like mercury and she dipped her finger in and out of the puddle, watching the waves disperse perfectly across the surface. Laying down now and looking up into maple leaves, sun rays glimmered right past the front of her nose. Harmonic ratios eminated through the air as two hermit thrush sang back and forth to one another. She drafted an immaculate hand written letter to the team in Aimesville that evening, indicating that she had made her decision, and would be relocating to join them in the Fall.