# The Founders

Josh Martin had been formally trained in economics, but was also the president of his fraternity and captain of the lacrosse team in college. He thrived at the globally renown consulting firm Jenkins & Bartleby, leading a series of complicated restructuring transactions which resulted in record results for the company and its investors. Josh had the peculiar habit sitting back with his feet on the desk and making notes in his journal with a freshly sharpened number two pencil for the first hour of his morning every day. He somehow managed to drink coffee from a mug, carry on conversations with his employees, and continue with his routine journaling, without losing his balance in the chair.

Sally Greenfield studied marketing in college and had an uncanny knack for telling stories. She too started her career at Jenkins & Bartleby, but would eventually leave to create WunderHaus, which soon became the poster child for socially conscious business, in spite of the year over year losses and disgruntled shareholders. Sally was always smiling and wearing egregious amounts of red lipstick. Her marble eyes had an eternally optimistic expression, the persistence of which was actually quite frightening, once you had gotten to know her and experienced the organizational turmoil that was her life. It wasn't clear whether the joke about her cat being lost inside of her purse was really a joke, because the bag would appear to move on its own occasionally. Something that sounded like a meow could be heard coming from it during meetings.

Josh and Sally had talked about starting a business since they ate lunch together during their first day as interns at Jenkins. Josh always admired Sally's ability to captivate an audience, while she longed to have the cold and calculated approach that Josh had perfected. Josh and Sally were both married and their spouses were very supportive of their platonic relationship. In their early days at Jenkins, Josh and Sally worked on a project together and slept under their respective desks for 2 weeks straight. Sally's husband enjoyed the freedom of holding the remote control and cleaned the house incessantly while she was away. Josh sent Sally a link to a viral blog post about Light Speed one day which prompted a visit Aimesville the following spring. They both wanted to change the world and executing this vision was going to require a significant amount of capital.