# The Leadership Meeting

Jake arrived 5 minutes late after a call with clients wrapped up. The meowing sound coming from Sally's bag was muddled by the conversation that Josh and Alan were having. They had been going back and forth for weeks about which email system would be best for team. Lazuli would be integrating the system, but wasn't consulted for her input. She smiled and presented her slides to the team, who seemed to be shocked by what she considered to be relatively obvious suggestions. Alan was deeply offended when she suggested that someone need to refine their engineering process, because a lot of time was being wasted dealing with poorly defined issues and changing requirements. Sally had a quiet discussion with the Director of Marketing and the new Product Manager in the corner, ignoring her presentation entirely. She missed all of Lazuli's suggestions for new features that could have made the company millions. Sally would shoot a frowny face at Lazuli periodically through the corner of her shiny eyes. What exactly was she complaining about?

Lazuli was fired immediately after the presentation for having a negative attitude. Everyone preferred Larry's upbeat attitude, and felt like Lazuli was just a negative person, who had a toxic effect on their culture. The company's only customer renewed their contract that afternoon because Jake and the client services group had assuaged their concerns about bugs in version 2. The Director of Marketing and Product Manager painted a picture of new features coming out next year that was just irresistible for the client. They didn't even want version 2 of the Dream Machine anymore, because version 3 sounded so extraordinary.

Lazuli went home to her new apartment and slept the entire weekend. She emailed the company across the street on Monday morning, and was offered a contract position for a couple of weeks, before they took her on full-time as a software developer. She and every developer in town received a generic recruiting email from Alan one day shortly therafter. They were on a hiring spree again and had already brought on five new developers while gearing up for version 3 of The Dream Machine.