# The Winter

She and every developer in town received a generic recruiting email from Alan one day shortly therafter. They were on a hiring spree again and had already brought on five new developers while gearing up for version 3 of the Dream Machine.

Lazuli had gotten to know each of her team members better over the following months, and even Heather continued to take the time to talk with her. Nothing was off limits. They talked about Heather's divorce, the time Dream Machine toilet papered their office, and anything that came to mind. Lazulie asked Heather one day what she thought about the startup bubble while they were taking a walk along the creek.

"Every 5-10 years, Lazuli, something like this will happen. Doesn't matter whether it is focused on technology, real estate, or some crazy derivatives cooked up on Wall Street. I think that Sally Greenfield is a whack job, but part of what she said on the news the other night is true. The best companies survive, while many end up going out of business. We aren't leveraged at all and we are employee owned. If you hang around here long enough, you will become a partner, and receive a portion of the business income in addition to your salary. We've never touched venture capital. We had one angel investor 20 years ago who was in it for the long-term, and we still have a great relationship today, 10 years after buying him out. He was a weathly fellow who's wife died in a car crash due to a traffic signal malfuction. Wasn't in it for the money. We're a sustainable business, Laz, not a startup."

In spite of their focus on sustainability, the company saw continued growth thoughout the winter, especially due to their new simulator and integration test suite. Local governments and civil engineering firms had begun paying them to use the software as they made modifications to on street bike lanes and other infrastructure changes.

Lazuli found time on the weekends to build out a prototype of the machine that she had dreamt up before working with Sally and Josh. Her original ideas were vastly different than the horrible version 2 prototype that she had worked on. She envisioned a divinely elegant system which would coax people into a dreamlike state, not a pair of virtual reality goggles.

She hired a lawyer to hash out any potential issues with intellectual property and then brought her splendid invention into being. An angelic headband delivered transcranial magnetic stimulation which could help people with a variety of brain disorders. Lazuli found that wearing the headband before sleeping helped her brain feel rested in the morning. The local university was studying her prototype to confirm its safety and analyze all of its potential uses. Lazuli bootstrapped her side project and did her best to make it affordable for other people as well. She called it the L1.